Illustrations for stimuli file.

"type" refers to the four conditions and their filler sentences.
type 1 is the condition RC/NonCE.
type 2 is the condition NonRC/NonCE.
type 3 is the condition RC/CE.
type 4 is the condition NonRC/CE.
type 5 is the filler stimuli with identical length to previous four experimental types.
type 7 is the longer filler stimuli with length ranging from 7 to 10.


"sentence" is the sentential stimuli participants comprehended.

"probe" is the comprehension question used for participants' attention and designated behavior.

"CorrAns" is the keyboard character of "yes" and "no."
"j" is for "yes" and "f" is for "no."

"pType" stands for the probe question (comprehension question) type. There are 9 variants ranging from 0 to 8.
0 means that the answer was "yes" and the question asked about the subject.
1 means that the answer was "yes" and the question asked about the object.
2 means that the answer was "yes" and the question asked about the verb.
3 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the subject.
4 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the object.
5 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the verb.
pType three to five used the subject, object, and verb of the other clause respectively to make the answer "no."

6 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the subject.
7 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the object.
8 means that the answer was "no" and the question asked about the verb.
pType six to eight used a novel subject, object, and verb that was not included in the sentence to make the answer "no."



"cType" stands for the case marker pair type. There are 4 variants ranging from 0 to 3.
0 means that the two nominative cases used in the stimulus was both "-ika." 
1 means that the two nominative cases used in the stimulus was "-ika" followed by a "-ka." 
2 means that the two nominative cases used in the stimulus was both "-ka" followed by a "-ika." 
3 means that the two nominative cases used in the stimulus was both "-ka." 


"gType" stands for the gender pair type of the two Korean names used in the stimulus. 
The differentiation of the gender of names are not 100% decisive for every Koreans but statistically significant asymmetry exists.
0 means that the two names used in the stimulus was both feminine name. 
1 means that the two names used in the stimulus was both masculine name.
2 means that the two names used in the stimulus was presented in a sequence that masculine name comes first and the feminin name second.
3 means that the two names used in the stimulus was presented in a sequence that feminine name comes first and the masculine name second.
4 means there were only one names used and it was feminine name. This was only for filler sentences that had only one subject.
5 means there were only one names used and it was masculine name. This was only for filler sentences that had only one subject.